oh well it's not splitting you Rhonda
okay sure
sure
sure dude I'll stops playing Trenda
because I could have split earlier but
not not now I'll tell my team earlier on
and then not blaming on drew me but
rubios suggested that I split so did I
get a catch here that's a lot of people
are right there do we want to go in I
mean we got peeps you guys want to fight
these guys or I mean no just all their
tanks I'm gonna continue to split now go
on top see you later I'll take me a
while to get there but I'm doing it I'm
just going toppling I want you guys to
know that don't you guys to understand
what I'm up to oh god why guys going
solo yellow to my team was doing okay
really on like I don't die we need You
Man
alright Veigar if you can distract all
of them like it taking it real quick
partial just ran past the creeps nice
really good
got me bitch
work okay
worth yeah I knew they were gonna come
for me but I wanted to get the inhibitor
anyway I just don't know if my team can
do anything about it or like with the
inhibitor down you know i don't i don't
feel like we're very strong I don't wins
dragon dragon in some one minute 30
we'll have we'll get this this item and
it'll see how it goes you guys still
think I might need a last whisper though
yeah my life still definitely not enough
to sort of get the tanks even will get
cleaver though how I can move fast and I
get CDR up in 40 it's a long game man
holy moly and I just got our inhibitor
to trade so that's rough I have 363 farm
holy shit i farmed well but I've died a
lot this is a this is 0 this is a
freaking / all right here
I'll be up in 30 units running people
down after that ten seconds all right
what do you want to do is that they're
just back there killing our creeps
they're kind of backing off I'll go kill
this this number here we don't really
they don't have an opening hey I think I
didn't get the turret okay
yeah i mean i did get dragon
Oh
definitely need to get dragon it's up in
two seconds
we got to get those named good really
good we got pushing power now just what
we need I guess what does that do
minions and monsters nice I'll take us
up pushing power I'm gonna get caught
out here can I have words though
let's regroup mid ok
come on I don't know if I should be in a
big fight though I feel like I should
run better off pushing you know it's the
cards it's the acorns hit a bunch of
lexos well go for it man make sure
subscribers that I appreciate that I
don't know dude i'm not sure if these
guys are up to we don't have a pretty
good award coverage I feel like they
might have been going to stop me but not
the nut app mean barons not up for a
while is it or do we have a timer I
don't know if me being in the middle
business in this mid with our team is
good other alta bates holy shit they all
went back
kinda wanna go I can't want to go to the
bot Lane but i'm thinking i guess my
team needs me here
for the doctor
ok
lifesteal lifesteal there we go wow I
need our creeps think we win wow that's
fucking in fence we went off this hope
so
I think we can went off those
whew Wow how's the game thank you holy
more that was a long game goodness
gracious but we did it we pulled it out
I think I think they needed me for that
fight I did some work i think i went in
and i had to run away and then i came
back in chop them up a bit that was good
woof the game pentakill York nice thank
you GG Wow holy moly that was crazy much
fun that I had that game 392 CS goodness
gracious a plus thanks gee whiz thanks
Lee